Bad for ON
================
Cameron
4/16/2021

## Revenue

The first place I started to look was at Revenue. This appeared to be
the easiest area of the budget to line up year over year as accounts do
not appear to change drastically from year to year. In 2017-2018 the
government collected $152B which climbed to $158B in 2020. They are
forecasting a dip in 2021 which appears to come mostly from reductions
in corporate tax collected. In 2018-19, $16.6B was collected, which
reduced to $15.4B in 2019-20 and even further to $11.4B in 2020-21. It
is expected to recover to $14.4B in 2022.

## Notes

One thing that I found really stood out to me working through all of
this was the changes from one year to the next in the budgets. It seems
no numbers were consistent. For example, according to the 2020 budget,
total spend for `Agriculture, Food and Rural Affairs` in 2017-2018 was
$993M however according to the 2019 budget, the actual spend in
2017-2018 was $1,006M. Further, categories would change names or
disappear entirely. `Seniors Affairs` and
`Accessibility Directorate of Ontario` appear to have been merged to
form `Seniors and Accessibility` in 2019. Here itâ€™s listed as having
actual spend of $38M in 2016-2017, where in the 2018 budget the combined
spend is only listed as $34M. `Municipal Affairs and Housing` was
another interesting one. In 2018 there are two separate line items for
Time Limited Investments under `Municipal Affairs/Housing`, totaling
$550M and contributing to a total spend of $1544M. In 2020, these line
items are combined into a single line, but now show as being worth
$565M.
